C library wrapper (#71)
intel/afxdp-plugins-for-kubernetes: pkg/cclient/README.md

# Compiling the C Library

> ## Creating the .h and the .so files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating the shared library and header files:
```

> 

Reviewer: only need one line not 2 - I think this should be flagged by the markdown linter

> ```go build -o lib_udsclient.so -buildmode=c-shared cclient.go```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cmd 
go build -o lib_udsclient.so -buildmode=c-shared cclient.go
```
```
Again I'm surprised the linter didn't flag this

	- this creates .h and .so files from the cclient.go file.

> ## Creating the .h and the .a files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating the static library and header files:
```

> ```go build -o lib_udsclient.a -buildmode=c-archive ./cclient.go```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```cmd
go build -o lib_udsclient.a -buildmode=c-archive ./cclient.go
```
```

	- this creates .h and .a files

## Usage

> After creating the .h and/or the .a and the .o files as described in the previous steps,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating the library and header files as described in the previous steps,
```

this is how to use the functions generated by cgo

> ``` char* GetUdsClientVersion()```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``` c
char* GetUdsClientVersion()
```
```

and the same for all the function signatures below Or make them a header

### char* GetUdsClientVersion()

> This returns the version of our handshake on your local machine/client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This returns the version of the handshake on your local machine/client.
```

```char* GetUdsServerVersion()```

> This returns the version of our handshake on the server/host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This returns the version of the handshake on the server/host.
```

```int RequestXskMapFd(char* device)```

> This requests an Xsk map Fd for a specifed device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requests an xskmap Fd for a specified device.
```

```int RequestBusyPoll(int busyTimeout, int busyBudget, int fd)```
This requests a busy poll for a specific device by using it's fd, and specifying a timeout and a budget.

```void CleanUpConnection()```
After all the other functions are called, this needs to be called after all the work you need to do is done,

> so that the connection to the Uds can be cleaned up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so that the connection to the UDS can be cleaned up.
```

##Dynamically compiling the library into a test-app:

```go build -o lib_udsclient.so -buildmode=c-shared cclient.go```
	- this creates .h and .so files from the cclient.go file.

```cp lib_udsclient.so /lib```
	- copy the .so to the lib directory.
  >NOTE: we could also skip this step and explicitly point gcc to the shared library when compiling the test app like so:
  
	- ```gcc main.c ../lib_udsclient.so -W```

```cp lib_udsclient.h /< Dynamic folder name >```
	- copy the .h file to the test app directory

```cd < Dynamic folder name >```

```g++ -fPIC -Llib/ -Wall -o testApp main.c -l_udsclient```
	- build the test app
	- results in testApp binary

```./testApp```

##Statically compiling the library into a test-app:

```go build -o lib_udsclient.a -buildmode=c-archive ./cclient.go```
	- this creates .h and .a files

```cp lib_udsclient.a <Static folder name>```
```cp lib_udsclient.h <Static folder name>```
	- copy those files to the test app

```gcc -c main.c -o testApp.o```
	- compile test app
	- results in a .o file

```gcc -pthread -o testApp testApp.o -L. -l_udsclient```
	- link compiled test app to static library
	- results in testApp binary

```./testApp```

> ## Next steps

Author: Apologies about the extern definitions, those were artefacts I forgot to remove when I tried to make a header file for the c library before I knew that cgo can take care of it and we could just import the generated header file.
